well when you're flying a fish for sushi
especially tuna you don't want to get it
too wet so when you do fillet it and
make sure you think when you cut it out
and you lay all the the fillets down
skin side down so they don't get wet and
when we start off right behind the head
I'm going to take our knife we're gonna
slide up right behind the head come down
into the belly cavity slice right
through the belly cavity I like to spin
the tuna around come through here right
there top it ahead and almost trace your
steps once you get it all traced out
then you can take your knife straight
down to the backbone and then what I do
is I turn the knife around push the
knife through to the other side
and we run it straight across now you
can go ahead and grab your fillet
and lay it skin side down skinning tuna
is a very different very different than
skinning most fish and basically what we
do is we call when we do a tuna we call
Lauren at amount first we're gonna cut
the belly belly bones out once we get
that done we're gonna go ahead and cut
down the center line taker you got to
have a flexible knife it's got to be
able to bend like this if you don't have
one that won't Bend like that it make it
very difficult to fillet these tuna can
you just keep working it slowly and
voila
our last step on filleting a tuna is
removing the dark meat and the dark meat
is kind of spliced through the middle of
the fillet so you kind of have to gotta
go and take a little bit off at a time
as it comes in it's almost like a
triangle
you really should use a curved edge
knife to do this with it makes it a
little easier then in the same sense you
want to make sure you get all this dark
meat out when cutting
sushi there's a little part here that
you don't use that's got a little fine
line right here what we're gonna do is
we're going to remove that you want to
cut these really thin for sashimi and
they're absolutely delicious and when
it's this fresh you don't even need any
wasabi
that is awesome before the jump
Oh